---
layout: posts
title: "【論文徵稿】2019 Taiwan Summer Workshop on Information Mangement  (TSWIM 2019)"
date: 2019-02-18 23:12
categories: 資訊管理學會
author: csim
---

【Call for Paper】2019 Taiwan Summer Workshop on Information Mangement  (TSWIM 2019)

 

The Seventh Taiwan Summer Workshop on Information Management (TSWIM 2019) will be held in Taoyuan, Taiwan on July 3-5, 2019. It will be jointly hosted by College of Informatics at Yuan Ze University, Department of Information Management at Yuan Ze University, and Department of Information Management at Chung Yuan Christian University. The main purpose of hosting the TSWIM is to establish an academic community platform for domestic Information Management scholars, doctoral students, and international scholars to augment opportunities for research cooperation and enhance the quality of future research. We invite submissions in all areas of Information Management research and especially encourage submission on the relevant topics of the workshop theme “Artificial Intelligence and Big Data”. It is expected that by inviting the chief editors and senior editors of internationally major journals sharing their experiences of research to help domestic junior scholars and doctoral students gaining a deep understanding of the present and future research trends of Information Management and sharing their research findings with international scholars.  

Important Dates:

May 15, 2019  Paper submissions due

June 7, 2019  Paper acceptance notification

June 14, 2019  Camera-ready copy due

June 19, 2019  Early registration due

 

Workshop Co-chairs:

Eldon Li, Chung Yuan Christian Unversity

Chien-Lung Chen, Yuan Ze Unversity

 

Program Co-Chairs:

Julie Y. C. Liu, Yuan Ze University 

Chih-Li Hung, Chung Yuan Christian University 

Ting Lie, Yuan Ze University 

 

Organizing Co-Chairs: 

Liang-Chih Yu, Yuan Ze University 

Shih Ming Pi, Chung Yuan Christian University 



Relevant topics include, but are not limited to, the following: 

1. Accounting Information Systems and Digitization

2. Big Data for Public Safety and Personal Security

3. Business Analytics Management and Applications

4. Business Models in the Digital World

5. Digital Governance: Challenges and Opportunities

6. Electronic Commerce and Mobile Commerce

7. Emerging Technologies and Their Development

8. Financial Technology (FinTech), Blockchain and the Internet of Value

9. Financialization, finance and information technology

10. General IS Topics Track

11. Human Behavior and IS

12. Human Computer Interaction

13. Information and Communication Technologies for Development

14. Information Systems Security and Privacy

15. IS Innovation, Adoption and Diffusion

16. IS Leadership, Strategy, and Governance

17. IT Innovation Behavior and Entrepreneurship

18. IT/IS in Healthcare

19. Knowledge-intensive Smart Services and Their Applications

20. Personal ICT: Design, Use and Impacts

21. Service Innovation, Engineering and Management

22. Social Implications of ICT Use

23. Social Media in Business and Society

24. Use of ICT in Crisis Communications We welcome submissions of original research papers addressing issues concerning the theory, design, development, evaluation, and application of information systems and management. We also encourage submissions of research-in-progress that are innovative and inspirational. Research articles particularly sought after are those driven by real-world business problems and validated with proper research methodologies.

 

Contact Information: 

Workshop Website: http://tswim2019.mis.yzu.edu.tw 

Program Committee Email: tswimprogram2019@gmail.com 

 
